[BLANK_AUDIO]
Hi and welcome back to the course
translation workshop.
In this video, we'll learn what a flipped
course is and
why it's becoming an increasingly popular
teaching method.
By the end of the video you should be able
to explain what a flipped course is and
to discuss some of the advantages as well
as the challenges of flipping for
both you and your students.
So first off, what is a flipped course?
Well, in a traditional course, students
come to class to hear lecture, and
then they do homework outside of class at
home.
In a flipped course, this is reversed.
So students watch lectures in video form
at home.
And then they come to class to apply what
they've learnt.
So there are lots of different ways that
you can run a flipped course, but
here's what it might look like.
So before class, students might be asked
to watch video lectures,
do assigned readings, maybe post to, a
course discussion board.
And then during class, they have the
opportunity to ask you,
the instructor, questions.
You have the opportunity to ask them
questions.
You can discuss or debate the material and
students can collaborate and
work in groups to solve problems, to
analyze cases, to do whatever makes
sense in your discipline to develop the
skills you want them to develop.
After class, then, students do individual
or group projects, or
structured reflections on what they've
learned to extend their learning,
to apply it in new contexts.
So, here's another way to think about it.
Before class, students learn the content.
During class, they apply the content.
And after class they extend their
learning.
So, there are a number of advantages of
flipping for your students.
First of all, when they watch lecture in
video form, they can rewind and
rewatch as often as they need to, until
they really get it.
That's something they can't do in a
classroom lecture.
Another advantage for
students is that then class time is freed
up for interaction.
Students can speak, they can discuss, they
can debate,
they can interact with one another.
And then finally this gives students the
opportunity to
get feedback from you when it's most
helpful,
when they're actually trying to solve
problems when they're working on things.
There are a number of advantages of
flipping for you as well.
First of all, you don't have to keep
prepping and
repeating the same lecture material.
You record it and it's done.
That way you can focus when you're with
students on your interactions with them,
and on providing coaching and
feedback, and responding more immediately
to their needs.
So while flipping has a number of
advantages both for
you and your students, it also has some
challenges.
For one thing, for you the distribution of
work changes.
You have to spend more time developing
video lectures and
classroom activities before the semester
begins.
But then you spend less time lecturing
once the semester is in progress.
Your role, in the classroom, also changes
in a flipped class so, during class,
rather than lecture, or kind of impart
information, your job is,
primarily, to coach as students work
through the material on their own.
And this can be wonderful, but
it's also a bit less predictable and
requires greater flexibility.
You have to think on your feet and
you have to respond to students' needs in
real time.
And that can take some getting used to.
Now, for students also, this kind of
learning can be challenging.
For one thing, when they come to class,
they can't be passive.
They have to participate.
And sometimes students long for
the anonymity and passivity of traditional
lectures.
So this takes some getting used to on
their part as well.
This isn't always an easy transition,
you'll need to be prepared.
You'll need to help students prepare, for
this different kind of learning.
And you should expect some time to adjust
but
I think in the end you're gonna enjoy it
this can be a really fun and
gratifying way to teach and can really
help students learn more and more deeply.
So, to summarize flipping reverses the
tasks that where
traditionally done inside and outside
class.
It has a number of benefits for both you
and your students.
But it also requires some changes in roles
and
expectations and the distribution of work
until it becomes second nature.
So if there's anything that we can help
you with, please let us know.
And stay in touch.
[BLANK_AUDIO]